>> Shirley Wu: So we're back and
actually before we go ahead,
I want to address a few things that
we talked about during the break.
And so the first thing actually is,
so this an observable Notebook and
how it works is you write either HTML or
JavaScript code in one of these cells.
And then every time there is a change
you can rerun it by pressing this little
Play button right here.
Or you can just click Shift+Enter in
the cell and it will rerun the cell.
So that was one of the first
things I wanted to cover.
The second thing I wanted to say is so
a few of you noticed that the paths
are basically like Illustrator or
the Pen tool in Photoshop.
Basically in Illustrator, you can with
the Pen tool kind of click on a point,
and then draw a line, or draw a curve.
And for
a curve you have to first make a line and
then there's an anchor point that show up.
And you drag those anchor
points around to make curves.
That's basically exactly what's
happening with these path elements,
except instead of a nice
Pen tool that you click and
drag and all of that,
it's all just numbers.
But kind of when in the Pen tool, you
click and that's the start of your path.
That's the move to command that
you might have noticed in here.
There are Ls in here
that are subtle to see.
But the Ls are line 2 commands.
I think if you go down to this
radio chart, you can kind of
see these arcs, these curves.
And these are, I believe,
arc two commands right here.
And each of them, so for move-to's
you have to give it an x,y-coordinate and
that's separated by this comma.
For arcs you have to give it a radius x,
a radius y,
three zeros and ones, to tell it
what to draw and then ending x,y.
And so,
it's like drawing with Illustrator but
without the Pen and just with
numbers [LAUGH] and a few letters.
And so the point of this was to show you.
And then I also heard, actually, it made
me really happy cuz I heard people say, so
this is doing this.
Or if you remove this,
and that was really cool.
And I was also told that the rectangle
was the most straightforward.
And I wanted you to see that, too.
It's exactly what we were talking about,
x,y with height.
And also why I wanted to mention that for
paths,
don't worry about it too much right now.
And the reason why I wanted you to see it,
I mean,
I think it would've been prettier
if I took out the decimals [LAUGH].
These are generated so
that decimals are there.
But I wanted to let you see how not pretty
it is, and how potentially kind of hard
it is to hand-code a bunch of these and
be like, this is where D3 comes in.